Before you begin, think about what's the hierarchy (flow) of pages you want.  As an example:

-	Home Page
	-	Graphics Page
-	Administration
	-	Data Source Connections
	-	Data Source Queries/Providers
	
You need to think about the types of users (i.e, administrator, read only users, etc) so that the
appropriate pages can be accounted for in the layout and that they will have access to when they
login.

------------------------

Below is a summarization of the steps to create a simple workspace based on the above example:

Here's what you will accomplish:
-  create new workspace
	-  set permissions - add user role read access
-  create a home page
-  create a child pages in the hierarchy
-  add details to each page (i.e,, setting up datasources and data providers)
-  add graphic display page based on the data provider
-  log out and back in as user to see the graphics, and demonstrate role access

------------


Login using the admin username/password

1.   Create workspace
	-	select "create workspace" icon to create new workspace properties
	-  	enter workspace name and title
	-  	use the defaults for Skin and Envelope
	-	then press "create workspace"

2.	Create Pages

in the list above, click on the new workspace to edit the details

Notice "User home search" is set to "Role assigned by Page", that this workspace will be using 
role based access.

Set Permissions
-  click on Permissions on the left, under the workspace
-  Admin is already given rights, now give rights to user
-  select role of "user", and change Access to Yes
-  click save

Next will build a tree heirarchy of pages
-	Home
	-	Graphics Page
-	Administration
	-	Data Source Connections
	-	Data Source Queries/Providers
	

2.   create 'Home' page, which is the root page

-   from the tree of workspaces on the left, expand to Workspaces/{workspace}   and click on Pages (which will be empty on the right)
-   on the far right, click on the page icon (yellow) to create new page
-   enter page name and press create new page


The next steps are designing the page hierarchical structure of the pages, starting with the root (home) page, and adding
adding children pages.

===
HOME PAGE
===

3.  Start with the Home page in the workspace
  
-   click on workspace from the top drop down (select the one just created)
-   the center drop down should show 'Home' selected, if not then select it


4.  to add tree menu panel

-  click on puzzle icon to create panel
- expand “Navigation” to select Tree Menu
-  on the right should display "Components", with "Create panel" in the list
-  drag-n-drop the “Create Panel” (under components) to the left side of the page (you will see the page locations appear) 

5.  Add logoff panel 
-  click on puzzle icon to create panel
- expand “Navigation” to select Logout panel
-  drag-n-drop the “Create Panel” to the page to the top right side, in the header section

added bread crum

===
Child Pages
===

6.  Adding pages under 'Home'
-   click the 'Create' page icon
-   enter the title of the page
-   change the Parent Page
-   press "Create new page" 

--- Add Data Sources Connections and Data Source Queries

-  Data Sources Connections --> Panel -->  System/Data Source manager
-  Data Source Queries --> Panel -->  Dashboard/Data provider manager


Now to add a graphic panel (PKI) to the page you just created.  Select your page,
that is listed under the Home page, in the tree on the left hand side.
It presents an empty panel.

Repeat steps 4 and 5 above.

7.  Add Graphic Panel (KPI)
-  click on puzzle icon to create panel
- expand “Dashboard” to select Key Performance Indicator (KPI)
-  drag-n-drop the “Create Panel” to one of the center locations

-  the next dialog will appear, asking to choose an instance (should see your data provider)
-  the KPI editor will now appear
-  Enter the KPI name
-  select the graph type

NOTE:  there is not a “Save” or some button to push to complete this page, select the “x” on the top right corner to close.

Your done.

But to see it as a "user", I don't think a user with the role of user has bee created on the server.   If it has, you can log in with it, using the URL that you set in step 1 above.  With this user, you won't see the admin options, but will see it as regular user.

Call/text or email me if you have any issues.